Xu Yaoguang, why should I pay the debt you owe yourself?
I warn you
If I lose my job because of you
I won't let you go.
I am the only seedling in our family
You are my sister
It's only natural to help me pay my debts
I've already told the creditor that if you don't help me pay it back
Don't blame them for being rude to you.
Sorry.
Let you see jokes
Miss Xu's work is suspended
Debt-ridden
But if the people around me
I'll help him solve everything
The Zhou family is a top wealthy family in Harbor City
You are the appointed heir
I'll stay.
What will you face?
I can help you solve any difficulties
It can also help you access resources you can't imagine
Could it be that
You still want me to marry you?
I know myself.
You can look down on me and take it off for your career
But I also despise you for taking advantage of the fire
You get what you want, you go for it.
And that's a lot like me.
Follow me without loss
It's not a loss to sell yourself
I admit, Mr. Zhou, your proposal is very tempting
But sorry.
I don't want to
An interview with the grandson of the shipping king
You prepare well
Xu Shiyang
Your creditors come to the stage every day to make trouble
Seriously affect the atmosphere in Taiwan
If you don't handle your personal affairs well
About to be fired
I'm not in debt, and you're not my boss
What right do you have to fire me?
You're on the cover of entertainment magazines
Debt female live streaming host crazy chasing Zhou family prince man scheming sad-fishing no pity
Xu Shiyang
You don't think you're any good looking
You can climb Zhou Yanjing
Prince of Zhou
Harbor city celebrities are hard to get close to
You deserve it